# How to migrate to v36 from v35

This release does not contain any behavior change.

But you need some configuration change if your project use TypeScript.

## New Deprecation: `option-t/lib/...` path pattern

`option-t/lib/<TypeName>/...` is now replacable to `option-t/<TypeName>/...` completely. So [We plan to remove `option-t/lib/**/**` pattern](https://github.com/option-t/option-t/issues/1666) in the future.

Please start to try to migrate your project by following rules.

- `option-t/lib/ClassicOption`
    - This is still under consideration.
- `option-t/lib/ClassicResult`
    - This is still under consideration.
- Other `option-t/lib/<TypeName>/...`
    - Replace them to `option-t/<TypeName>/...`


## Breaking changes for TypeScript users

### Drop to support `--moduleResolution node` ( `--moduleResolution node10`)

We drop to support `--moduleResolution node` by that TypeScript 5.0 supports `--moduleResolution bundler`.
Please switch `--moduleResolution` option to `node16`, `bundler`, or `nodenext`.
You can start this migration without upgrading to v36.

_Note: We depends on `exports` field in package.json heavily.
We cannot support if your project configure `resolvePackageJsonExports` to `false`
even if your project use above newer  `--moduleResolution` option_.

If your project cannot switch to them, please use please use [**`v35`**](https://github.com/option-t/option-t//tree/v35.0.0).


### Upgrade to TypeScript 5.0

We moved to our toolchains to TypeScript 5.0.

_option-t_ may works with your project that depends on TypeScript 4.9 or earlier. But we don't support it officially.

We recommend to move your project to TypeScript 5.0.
