# How to migrate to v38 from v37

The release note is [here](https://github.com/option-t/option-t/releases/tag/v38.0.0).


## Breaking Changes for Every Users

### Switch to ES2017 syntax

By this change, we use a new syntax. e.g. async/await.
This changes would not be a problem generally, but in some corner case,
it would changes the timing of throwing an error from a passed callback.

If you need to support your application with ES2016 or earlier syntax level, you have some options:

1. Transform whole of codes including your dependencies in your build pipeline (**We recommend**).
2. Use **v37** as `npm install --save option-t@^37`


### Remove an assertion to check whether it is `Promise` instance for that the returned value from callback of _Async_ operators

Due to raising our compilation target as the above,
we could remove the assertion checks whether it is `Promise` instance for that
the returned value from callback of _Async_ operators.

Basically, this would not be a problem except your code expects that _Async_ operator
will throw `TypeError` at the running time if the callback returns a not `Promise` value. We think this is pretty rare case.


#### Set `engines` field to package.json.

We heavily uses `exports` field for a long time. So we set `engines` field
to avoid an installation trouble with legacy Node.js that does not support `exports` field.

Please upgrade your Node.js to v16 or later.


#### Convert `ClassicOption`/`ClassicResult` to TypeScript

This change passes all unit tests without any test change. This does not change prototype chains too.
But this might contains some breaking changes at type level.


-----

## New Notable Deprecations during v37

- [Deprecate `PlainOption<T>` officially](https://github.com/option-t/option-t/releases/tag/v37.1.0).
